Update epas15_2_0_rel_notes.mdx (#6631)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/15/epas_rel_notes/epas15_2_0_rel_notes.mdx

| Enhancement    | `index _advisor` is now a separate extension, but continues to be packaged with EDB Postgres Advanced Server. | Index advisor |
| Enhancement    | `sql_profiler` is now a separate extension and is no longer packaged with EDB Postgres Advanced Server. | SQL Profiler |
| Change | The Windows installer no longer installs pgAdmin, and the parallel-clone and clonescheme extensions are no longer included in an EDB Postgres Advanced Server installation. To download pgAdmin, see the [pgAdmin download page](https://www.pgadmin.org/download/). |

> | Change | The DBMS_CRYPTO.ENCRYPTO/DECRYPTO procedure has been wrongly accept any lengh of key. From this version, only the correct key length is acceptable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Change | In earlier versions, the DBMS_CRYPTO.ENCRYPT and DECRYPT procedures incorrectly accepted keys of any length. From this version onward, only keys of the correct length are permitted. |
```
